c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\CRUD v3.exe.config
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\CRUD v3.exe
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\CRUD v3.pdb
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD v3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD_v3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD v3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD v3.exe
c:\users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD v3.pdb
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD_v3.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD_v3.Login.resources
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD_v3.MainAP.resources
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD_v3.FileAP.resources
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\obj\Debug\CRUD_v3.AddEditFile.resources
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\front\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD v3\CRUD v3\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
